# Recap by Example // 2.21.5014u
Our lancers were hired by a private military contractor, We Live In A Society VLLC, and formed into a team under the authority of Control, based out of the pirate spaceport of Umbra Station. Our first mission for WLIAS, given to us by Control, was to recover an NHP named Four. The team did so, and Control seemed oddly frantic to take possession of Four, arousing suspicion. The next mission aroused even more, as WLIAS ordered the team to destroy a freighter, but Control offered to pay under the table for the contents, which turned out to be illegal cloning equipment. Now thoroughly leery of Control, the team destroyed the equipment and started distancing themselves from Control. 

The team sought out freelance work, and found it from Lady Stacey the Blind. She paid the team to retrieve Fluffy, a mutated kaiju and the main course for her entry in this year's Cooklord's Cup competition. After recruiting a useless local guide named Willy, the team successfully captured Fluffy and returned to enjoy a fabulous meal and witness Lady Stacey claim the well-deserved Cooklord's Cup. However, it turned out that "Willy" was in fact Terry Terrine, exiled pirate lord, who had returned in disguise to steal the Cooklord's Cup and claim its authority. To avert civil war, Lady Stacey contracted the team again, to hunt down and kill Terry. After Crosscut executed Terry on live vid-feed, peace returned to Umbra Station, and the team were all ennobled as pirate lords of Umbra Station. Around this time, Control fled Umbra Station, leaving behind clues to his activities.

A series of clues, culminating in the disappearance of Multicannon, led the team to the backwater peasant world of Kolacje. After finding that Multicannon was safe, the team investigated Control's connection to Kolacje, discovering secret labs built across the planet. After being present for a revolution against the planetary aristocracy, the team broke into one of these labs, discovering further evidence of Control's heinous work in cloning, and fighting for the first time his NHP piloted mechs, printed using the team's old licenses.

At that point, the team learned that in their absence, Control had attacked Umbra Station and captured Warcrimes. The team hastened back to Umbra Station, after establishing contact with a representative of Union, who also want Control dealt with. After storming the landing bay and deftly maneuvering through the bowels of the station, the team finally reached Control, but were unable to prevent his escape through a portal. After a knock-down drag-out fight, Mr. Nobody reached the party on Umbra Station. The party learned that the portal that Control escaped through is currently inoperable, although they suceeded in stopping him crashing the station with no survivors, which has led them to their current assignment...
